README.md, before:

# Elemental
[![Elemental End-To-End tests with Rancher Manager](https://github.com/rancher/elemental/actions/workflows/e2e.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/rancher/elemental/actions/workflows/e2e.yaml)

[![Elemental UI End-To-End tests](https://github.com/rancher/elemental/actions/workflows/ui-e2e.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/rancher/elemental/actions/workflows/ui-e2e.yaml)

Elemental is a software stack enabling a centralized, full cloud-native OS management solution with Kubernetes.

Cluster Node OSes are built and maintained via container images through the [Elemental Toolkit](https://rancher.github.io/elemental-toolkit/) and installed on new hosts using the [Elemental CLI](https://github.com/rancher/elemental-cli).

The [Elemental Operator](https://github.com/rancher/elemental-operator) and the [Rancher System Agent](https://github.com/rancher/system-agent) enable Rancher Manager to fully control Elemental clusters, from the installation and management of the OS on the Nodes to the provisioning of new K3s or RKE2 clusters in a centralized way.

Follow our [Quickstart](https://rancher.github.io/elemental/quickstart/) or see the [full docs](https://rancher.github.io/elemental/) for more info.

Commit message:

Drop injected initial-config and use cloud-init to deploy it
This works by getting the datasources and changing the register command
to use both paths, either the initial-config injected in the iso or the
datasource

Signed-off-by: Itxaka <igarcia@suse.com>

README.md, after:

# Elemental teal - Lestrade edition

POC: This uses the initial registration being passed by the user-data datasource.
So instead of injecting the iso, this is a generic iso that you can launch, pass the registration config as userdata and will register using that.


# Elemental
[![Elemental End-To-End tests with Rancher Manager](https://github.com/rancher/elemental/actions/workflows/e2e.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/rancher/elemental/actions/workflows/e2e.yaml)

[![Elemental UI End-To-End tests](https://github.com/rancher/elemental/actions/workflows/ui-e2e.yaml/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://github.com/rancher/elemental/actions/workflows/ui-e2e.yaml)

Elemental is a software stack enabling a centralized, full cloud-native OS management solution with Kubernetes.

Cluster Node OSes are built and maintained via container images through the [Elemental Toolkit](https://rancher.github.io/elemental-toolkit/) and installed on new hosts using the [Elemental CLI](https://github.com/rancher/elemental-cli).

The [Elemental Operator](https://github.com/rancher/elemental-operator) and the [Rancher System Agent](https://github.com/rancher/system-agent) enable Rancher Manager to fully control Elemental clusters, from the installation and management of the OS on the Nodes to the provisioning of new K3s or RKE2 clusters in a centralized way.

Follow our [Quickstart](https://rancher.github.io/elemental/quickstart/) or see the [full docs](https://rancher.github.io/elemental/) for more info.
